[Music]
my character in the film his name is
Siddharth and Java scatters if anyone
will do - it's in 96 is a small-town boy
in Kasauli and he's a very simple
happy-go-lucky guy is a bit of an
introvert he likes listening to old
music wholly different music reading and
writing poetry just hanging out with his
friends yes his group of friends called
the Kasauli Cowboys and his desires and
his requirements in life are very simple
he has a mother we want to take care of
you wants he wants to become a software
engineer and that's about it now when
you wind the clocks ahead 12 years and
you meet him in 2008 he's a successful
software engineer and he's got
everything everything you know
everything is literally living the
American dream but he's not happy from
inside there lot of demons and ghosts
from his past which are still haunting
him and he got sleep properly at night
he can't he can't function properly
during the days this is when he decides
to go back to his roots and reconnect
with his past and that's what it's all
about from Mumbai to Kasauli and that's
how she minds the Kasauli Cowboys five
boys and Tanya she and they always try
to impress having some different ways
like same idea sorry he's more like that
crazy kind of guy who tried to impress
me in a crazy way and she's playing
Siddharth and he's more quite reserved
so he tries to impress me more in like
in a more sweet way so the entire she
I'm playing entering two different ages
which is in 96 and after 12 years when
she gets old I know she likes old
architectures she likes old songs and
she likes to live in Kasauli like
because it's a different place she was
leaving Mumbai before yeah hi my
character's name is Sam and Sam actually
belongs to a royal family his what rock
wealth which has been for his
forefathers but he never he's not the
kind of person who you know shows around
with that mother Bushwick opening
carthoris vodka and he's got a very big
heart and you know when you say it's
like a heart of gold
he's that kind of a person and he
basically studies in the UK then every
summer he gets back comes back to Kesari
to meet his Kasauli Cowboys at which
tonnage who face a table is a part of
and me and him are like best friends
since view of a5 so as soon as he is
back you know into Kasauli he is his
gang they do a lot of fun stuff like
Panama Qumran and a one day pay Quran
and everything